View the source code at https://github.com/SquidDev-CC/CC-Tweaked
View the documentation at https://wiki.computercraft.cc
Visit the forum at https://forums.computercraft.cc
You can disable these messages by running "set motd.enable false".
You can create directories with "mkdir".
Want to see hidden files? Run "set list.show_hidden true".
Run "list" or "ls" to see all files in a directory.
You can delete files and directories with "delete" or "rm".
Use "pastebin put" to upload a program to pastebin.
Use "pastebin get" to download a program from pastebin.
Use "pastebin run" to run a program from pastebin.
Use the "edit" program to create and edit your programs.
You can copy files with "copy" or "cp".
You can use "wget run <url>" to run a program from the internet.
You can use "wget" to download a file from the internet.
On an advanced computer you can use "fg" or "bg" to run multiple programs at the same time.
Use "type" to see if a path is a file or a directory.
Get a list of all programs with "programs".
Use an advanced computer to use colours and the mouse.
With a speaker you can play sounds.
Use "motd" to print the Message of the Day.
You can disable the startup from a computer with "set shell.allow_startup false".
You can disable the startup from a disk with "set shell.allow_disk_startup false".
Programs that are placed in the "startup" folder in the root of a computer are started on boot.
Use a modem to connect with other computers.
With the "gps" program you can get the position of a computer.
Use "monitor" to run a program on a attached monitor.
View all attached peripherals with "peripherals".
Use "time" to see the in-game time.
You can set the label of a computer with "label set".
A computer needs a label to keep its files if it is destroyed.
You can disable auto completion in the shell with "set shell.autocomplete false".
You can disable auto completion in edit with "set edit.autocomplete false".
Feeling creative? Use a printer to print a book!
Files beginning with a "." character are hidden from "list" by default.
Running "set" lists the current values of all settings.
Some programs are only available on advanced computers, turtles, pocket computers, or command computers.
The "equip" and "unequip" programs let you add or remove supported upgrades from a turtle or pocket computer without crafting.
You can change the color of a disk by crafting it with dye.
Right-clicking a turtle with a dye changes its color.
You can print on a printed page again to get multiple colors.
Holding the Control and T keys terminates the running program.
Holding Control and S or R shuts down or reboots the computer you are using.
